Update User Guide with changes from re-modelling (#128)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-T15-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

    - [Editing a course: ](#editing-a-course--edit-course) `edit course`
    - [Selecting a course to display its Group Page: ](#selecting-a-course--select) `select`
- [Group Page Commands: ](#group-page-commands)
    - [Adding a group: ](#adding-a-group--add-group) `add group`
    - [Deleting a group: ](#deleting-a-group--delete-group) `delete group`
    - [Editing a group: ](#editing-a-group--edit-group) `edit group`
    - [Selecting a group to display its Student Page: ](#selecting-a-group--select) `select`
    - [Displaying sessions of a group: ](#displaying-sessions-of-a-group--session) `session`
    - [Displaying tasks of a group: ](#displaying-tasks-of-a-group--task) `task`
- [Students Page Commands: ](#students-page-commands)
    - [Adding a student: ](#adding-a-student--add-student) `add student`
    - [Deleting a student: ](#deleting-a-student--delete-student) `delete student`
    - [Editing a student: ](#editing-a-student--edit-student) `edit student`
    - [Copying a student's email: ](#copying-a-students-email--copy) `copy`
    - [Finding students by name: ](#finding-students-by-name--find) `find`

>     - [View a student's information: ](#view-a-students-information--view) `view`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [View a student's information: ](#view-a-students-information--view) `view`
    - [Displays a student's information:  ](#displays-a-students-information--view) `select`
```

    - [Adding or deleting a remark: ](#adding-or-deleting-a-remark--remark) `remark`
    - [Upload a student's photo: ](#uploading-a-students-photo--upload) `upload`
    - [Sorting list of students: ](#sorting-list-of-students--sort) `sort`
- [Session Page Commands: ](#session-page-commands)
    - [Adding a session: ](#adding-a-session--add-session) `add session`
    - [Deleting a session: ](#deleting-a-session--delete-session) `delete session`
    - [Editing a session: ](#editing-a-session--edit-session) `edit session`
    - [Selecting a session to start attendance-taking: ](#selecting-a-session-to-start-attendance-taking--select) `select`

> - [Students by Session Commands: ](#students-by-session-commands)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Students under Session Commands: ](#students-under-session-page-commands)
```

### Selecting a group: `select`

Selects an existing group to display its corresponding Student Page.

Format:
```
select <INDEX>
```
- Selects group at index specified in <INDEX> and displays list of students in that group.

Examples:
- `select 1` will return a list of students from the 1st group.

### Displaying sessions of a group: `session`

Selects an existing group to display its corresponding Session Page.

Format:
```
session <INDEX>
```
- Selects group at index specified in <INDEX> and displays list of sessions in that group.

Examples:
- `session 1` will return a list of sessions from the 1st group.

### Displaying tasks of a group: `task`

Selects an existing group to display its corresponding Task Page.

Format:
```
task <INDEX>
```
- Selects group at index specified in <INDEX> and displays list of tasks assigned to that group.

Examples:
- `task 1` will return a list of tasks for the 1st group.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Students Page Commands
![image](./images/UiStudentPage.png)

### Adding a student: `add student`

Adds a student to the student roster.

Format:
```

> add n/<NAME> p/<PHONE_NUMBER> e/<EMAIL> sid/<STUDENT_ID> [t/<TAG>]

Reviewer: Wrong command
```suggestion
add student n/<NAME> p/<PHONE_NUMBER> e/<EMAIL> sid/<STUDENT_ID>
```

```

> - `t/<TAG>` field is optional.

Reviewer: tag is removed
```suggestion
```

> - `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com sid/A1234567X m/CS2103T`
> - `add n/Roy Balakrishnan p/92624417 e/royb@example.com sid/A7356561X m/CS2105 t/T06`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `add student n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com sid/A1234567X`
- `add student n/Roy Balakrishnan p/92624417 e/royb@example.com sid/A7356561X`
```

### Deleting a student: `delete student`

Deletes a student from the student roster.

Format:
```
delete <INDEX>
```

Examples:
- `delete 1` will delete 1st student listed in the student list panel of CLIpboard.

### Editing a student: `edit student`

Edits an existing student in the student roster.

Format:
```

> edit <INDEX> [n/<NAME>] [p/<PHONE_NUMBER>] [e/<EMAIL>] [sid/<STUDENT_NUMBER>] [t/<TAG>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edit <INDEX> [n/<NAME>] [p/<PHONE_NUMBER>] [e/<EMAIL>] [sid/<STUDENT_NUMBER>]
```

```

- Edits student at index specified in `<INDEX>`.

> - At least one field `[n/<NAME>]`, `[p/<PHONE_NUMBER>]`, `[e/<EMAIL>]`, `[sid/<STUDENT_NUMBER>]`, or `[t/<TAG>]` must be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At least one field `[n/<NAME>]`, `[p/<PHONE_NUMBER>]`, `[e/<EMAIL>]` or `[sid/<STUDENT_NUMBER>]` must be provided.
```

- Fields entered following `edit <INDEX>` will replace the original fields.
- Fields not entered will not replace the original fields.

Examples:
- `edit 1 n/John Doe` will replace the name of the first student listed in the student list to 'John Doe'.
- `edit 4 p/99887766 e/john@gmail.com` will replace the phone number and email of the fourth student listed in the student list to '99887766' and 'john@gmail.com' respectively.

### Copying a student's email: `copy`

Copies a student's email to your clipboard.

Format:
```
copy <INDEX>
```

Examples:

> - `copy 1` will copy the email of the 1st student listed to your clipboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `copy 1` will copy the email of the 1st student in the list to your clipboard.
```

### Finding students by name: `find`

Finds students whose names contain any of the given keywords.

Format:
```
find <KEYWORDS> [<MORE_KEYWORDS>]
```

Examples:
- `find John` returns John.
- `find Alex Yu` returns `Alex Yeoh`, `Bernice Yu` 

> ### View a student's information: `view`
> 
> Views personal information for a particular student.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Displays a student's information: `select`

Select a particular student and display his / her particulars.
```

Format:
```

> view <INDEX>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
select <INDEX>
```

```

Examples:

> - `view 2` will display the full student details of the 2nd student in the student list on the view panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `select 2` will select the 2nd student in the student list and display his / her particulars on the view panel.
```

Examples:
- `sort name` will sort list of students alphabetically according to name.
- `sort id` will sort list of students alphanumerically according to student ID.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Session Page Commands

### Adding a session: `add session`

Adds a session to the list of session in the session page.

Format:
```
add session <SESSION>
```

- Adding a session with the same session name is not allowed.
    - For example, if a session with name 'Tutorial1' already exists in CLIpboard,
      entering `add session Tutorial1` will display an error message.

Examples:
- `add session Tutorial1`
- `add session Tutorial2`

### Deleting a session: `delete session`

Deletes a session from the list of session in the session page.

Format:
```
delete session <INDEX>
```

Examples:
- `delete session 1` will delete 1st session listed in the session list panel of CLIpboard.

### Editing a session: `edit session`

Edits an existing session in the session list.

Format:
```
edit session <INDEX> <NEW SESSION NAME>
```

- Edits session at index specified in `<SESSION>`.

Examples:

> - `edit session 1 Tutorial0` will replace the session name of the first session listed to 'Tutorial0'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `edit session 1 Tutorial1` will rename the first session listed to 'Tutorial1'.
```

### Selecting a session to start attendance-taking: `select`

Selects an existing session to start taking attendance for that session by displaying Student Page of that session on the right panel.

Format:
```
select <INDEX>
```
- Selects session at specified index and displays list of students in that session.

Examples:
- `select 1` will return a list of students from the 1st session.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> ## Students by Session Commands

Reviewer: Sounds abit weird, maybe change it to the following?
```suggestion
## Students under Session Page Commands
```

> ### Marking attendance of a selected students: `mark`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Marking selected students as present: `mark`
```

> Marks selected students' attendance as present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marks selected students' attendance as present for current session.
```

Format:
```

> mark <INDEX>, <INDEX>, ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mark <INDEX>
mark <INDEX>, <INDEX>, ...
```

```

Examples:
- `mark 1` will mark the 1st student as present.
- `mark 2,3,4` will mark the 2nd, 3rd and 4th students as present.

> ### Unmarkikng attendance of a selected students: `unmark`

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
### Marking selected students as absent: `unmark`
```

> Marks selected students' attendance as absent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marks selected students' attendance as absent for current session.
```

Format:
```

> unmark <INDEX>, <INDEX>, ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unmark <INDEX>
unmark <INDEX>, <INDEX>, ...
```
